so far in which I work five it was chief engineer on board your system
hello which was the first ages reserves to and through the week walk
one ages all one or what once a world walked twelve so it was pretty
high exact at the time order actually I must admit that the your
system is a right now she is on the wall she has got the baby Jones
and the technology that she was had hi tech at the time that come with
that problem so what can you do to be better added is is read up
on it the available through the it's only going to not be afraid of
the technology co abrasive as you can because when you lose a lot of
change well they just change that only really walls it because they're
comfortable with what they just more and now you're using on you
baseline twelve point one of the more I think I just are twelve this
for the one I just got comfortable with my iPhone not a good I was
ten where is it says access now is a live the model the eight plus
yeah so these are going to come and they are going to change and you're
the best thing to do is is have an open line to try fiddle with
it and go play with it try to break it right right did you just try
to understand how it works hello they have an open like that